welcome welcome to your mom's house
Christina the gypsies well let me tell
you this weekend um I was in uh Jax
Jackson's dicks offs Phil Florida and
you know who I ran into there hell
I shouldn't say run into but met up with
um my dad hey buddy
stop dog hey buddy
stop dog you need to wipe down stop talk
alright so what I thought I would do is
um is give him a call nice uh said that
he had a special story - well I'm really
hoping we can get it uh let's see I get
it on my call right now so it's pretty
pretty interesting story you'll never
you'll never believe what it's about
yeah hello dad
hey buddy how you doing good man how are
you yeah
good good good hey I had a great time
seeing you this weekend I'm really glad
you are it was the best it was about a
lot of fun I wanted to talk about you
know we had that great dinner I wasn't
able to say hi to people after my
Thursday show because I ran out of the
club to meet you at that restaurant we
had dinner together then the next day
you told me something happened when you
got back to your hotel well on the way
back you know I'm driving back to the
hotel and I can I can tell you know
looks like a I'm gonna have you know a
blaster I just have to really go now we
should point out you already did shit at
the restaurant though I did
I did the I did I did I said it's rough
time yeah you know been a pretty good
dinner there I think I don't know just
kind of move things along so I Drive
into the parking lot of the hotel and I
know I really have to go bad but I want
to get a spot near the entrance yeah
well they're all taken so I parked down
at the end there and then I as I said
I'm squeezing my cheeks as I get out of
the car and make that turn you know you
got to make that turn you get out a
little bit I can see a little score top
okay mmm and mmm when I stood up I can
kind of feel it kind of grueling down my
cheeks okay uh-huh
oh no okay yeah yeah so then I'm kind of
doing you know I'm doing the kind of
pity patter you know how you're you're
trying to can't take big steps you're
doing the pitty batter yep
so the answer is you don't really hot
and like a penguin walk basically yeah
oh yeah walk it into the hotel you know
and the motel really but and then you
know I go to a trip to the elevator and
I can still feel the stuff dripping out
god oh my god well I get into the room
and of course I drop my drawers and
everything in boom it was not only it
was a boy it was a cherry bomb cherry
mom it was glorious between a blaster
and a cherry bomb I forget a blaster
just kind of comes out with a lot of
volume cherry bombs the top of the bowl
gets covered okay yeah well I can see
when you flush when you flush the toilet
you still got a lot there you know
yeah he said you cannot get it all out
even with two clutches I gave two
flushes yeah we can I point out
something first of all you you hit the
button on the phone again
secondly uh at the restaurant you shit
before I went to the bathroom like
immediately before and the upper inside
rim of the toilet was covered in shit oh
that was a catalyst yeah that was
nothing compared to the one adult okay
okay so a lat point you're Nate are you
naked you dropped it took everything off
right well yeah yeah I took right yeah
make him from the way thing took that I
had to get the shower because you know
and rinse off well yeah I don't know
you're so laughs I actually got me
shower rinsed off you know and then I
check around aware I only bought two
pairs of underwear but we have this trip
so you threw that one away though that
you should know no no no no no no I was
going to say so I checked it very back
there was a little bit on on the back of
the underwear okay and you can see it
and because it was such a clear shit you
know it didn't really wasn't real
visible okay so I gotta weight being
lifted to make you mean it was watery
kind of oil you have watery yeah so you
smelly not you sniff those boxers sniff
two boxers to make sure I was right on I
want to find the spot where saddest okay
so now I got some soap and water and I
cleaned it off in in the talk than me
ashamed okay I didn't want to do the
whole underwear because you take too
long to dry so I claimed it off you
cleaned off one Dan but what's the spot
yes mrs. boss oh my god okay and then
then God be dry so what I did was I
turned one of the lights on in the room
yeah and I put the underwear on top of
us like shade okay so this heat the heat
from the light bulb but act like a dryer
and in the morning time comes by my
underwear is nice and dry and you know
toasty
why didn't you just go buy boxers they
sell them everywhere I know but I like
this is one of my favorite favorite
boxers I like sure this comfortable well
so but you know I cleaned it up so I'm
good to go okay okay so how did this
shit measure in terms of biggest biggest
you know blasters shit your pants
stories I mean there's there's this one
there's Portland Maine when we were
together remember that one yeah oh yeah
and then what's your biggest ever you
think well the biggest ever was when we
were in 1986 when we did the family trip
to Florida and I had the ball off to his
dresser and no no no I'm talking about
the biggest shit your pants oh yeah he
was all over one in Orlando actually and
show that underworld life that couldn't
that was a that was the Orlando Orlando
Airport Orlando have or any shape I'm so
that one all right now oh so what's the
standard for throwing shit away throwing
underwear way that you should and why
that one well I you know I couldn't just
go out in the public area and clean
underwear sort of all those people but
it was must have been a lot of shit
right yeah and I would have been in the
room the hotel I think I could have
saved up on the wait a minute I know you
couldn't have because you told me that
in the Orlando Airport you actually shit
through your pants also that shit was
visible I got in half that's cool yeah
extra so wait a minute so Orlando
Airport what year was Orlando Airport oh
shoot that anger for that's right yeah
15 years ago
and you so you should so intensely so
much that it went through your boxers
and through your pants as you said there
was a brand new spot on the outside oh
yeah there's a brown spot there
definitely a brown spot on my job and
you only like that I feel like that
choice I'm sorry back my bag trim in the
plane so I just yeah and good
were you with alone or with with family
how long yeah
now the the other shit you're talking
about that's just your biggest shit ever
the family trips tell me about this
before it's always 786 all bigots like
our trip with you guys yeah yeah
Christina saying that she remembers this
story only four times
oh I was just just amazing actually
yeah yeah I would have won an award for
that one okay so how have you did you
did you wear those boxers the next day
in Jacksonville that you shit in oh yeah
they were dry in the morning so I want
again and then what about the following
day then I have my other pair of shorts
I wore the last day Saturday okay and
then you went home okay alright alright
so you watch I mean you should you throw
them in the wood you know these flat a
these boxers you're gonna roll a fighter
but we bought these boxers and up in a
casino in Indiana okay and they were
they were they were two for $10 okay
Wow yeah those are your face see ya know
I mean look like it the cheapest I've
ever spent on anything you know so the
end that can sell another value get my
money little okay yeah I got you
I guess Charl not do his laundry yeah
who does your laundry doesn't shower do
it yeah she doesn't I don't do any
manual labor in the house does she know
about what happened in Jacksonville no
no she doesn't really dig these kind of
story
okay can we please tell her please
who are you uh what is she there
Nash's play bitch not right now she is
yeah dammit I wish she was home right
now she would she would she will off she
was going to some sort of cardiac arrest
who told her we don't I'm gonna do it no
it would be really great if we tell her
this what do you think she'll be home
pretty soon
when we're going to the gym cake ok
she's now you know into at age 71 she
started to finally work out okay what
time would you go well here's what works
when she comes home yes she gets number
430 she has to have her coffee and
cookie first before the gym I gotta get
there before the job okay okay
all right so we're going to gather up
5.5 o'clock with those yeah all right
I'm gonna try to call you back in a
little bit and see if I can catch her
and maybe we can let her know okay buddy
may be highly amusing all right I love
you dad thanks a lot
I love you